- START -
It's nice to meet you, {}.
Today, you're going to go on an adventure!
While walking through the woods, you spot a small door built into a tree - it looks like a gnome or fairy would live there.  It's robin's egg blue, carved with care.
Do you:
1. Knock on the door.
2. Leave it alone.
-Choice 1 - 1 -
You genty knock on the door.  A small man, less than foot tall, opens the door.  He's dressed in a charcoal grey pinstripe suit, and looks like he could be an investment banker.
"Yes?" he says.  "Are you selling girl scout cookies? If not, couldn't you read my 'No Soliciting' sign?"
You realize there is a very small sign next to the door, but the writing is not in a language you've ever seen before.
"I'm sorry," you say, "I can't read that language. I've never seen a door this small before, and couldn't help wanting to meet whoever lived here."
"Well, as long as you're not trying to sell me something... Though do you really not have any girl scout cookies? I've been thinking about Thin Mints all day."
"No, sorry, I don't have any cookies with me."
"Well, then I really need to get back, The Great British Baking Show is on and I don't want to miss anything. A warning though - there is a hole in the path up ahead, be careful on your way."
"OK, thanks for the warning. Enjoy your show!"
You continue walking down the path, careful of the hole, which has orange traffic cones around it. You enjoy the weather, and hear birds chirping softly. Until you see what is clearly a rather old man in a tree, wearing a fake beak and wings made out of paper held on with string, pretending to be a bird.
"CHIRP" he says, loudly, looking around, and then starts pecking at the tree.
Do you:
1. Introduce yourself and ask what they're doing in the tree.
2. Figure he looks busy and leave him to his task... whatever it is
-Choice2 - 1 -
"Hello up there!" you say.  "My name is {} and I was wondering what you were doing in that tree?"
"SHHHHH!" He says.  "I'm trying to convince the birds of this forest I'm one of them, and I'm very close!"
"Why do you want to do that?" you ask.
"Winter is too cold for us, so we figured we'd try flying south this winter, and this seemed like the best way to do it cheaply."
"Us?" you ask."
"Yes me, my wife Margaret, and our bridge partners Jim and George" he says, nodding in the direction of 3 other people you had somehow not noticed also pretending to be birds.
"Hello!" says Margaret.
"Nice to meet you, {}." says Jim.
George gives you a nod. He seems the most intent on being a bird.
"Alright, I guess I'll leave you to it then. Good luck flying south!" you say, as you carry on the path.
You're nearing the end of the path, about to return to the world you know, where no little men living in trees ask for Thin Mints, and senior citizens don't try to save on airfare by making friends with birds.
-Choice2 - 2 -
You decide he looks too busy to chat, and continue on the path.
While walking by you notice 3 other people sitting in trees dressed as birds, and start wondering if you're the odd one in this forest.
You're nearing the exit of the park, about to head home and check your sanity.
-Choice1 - 1 cont. -
Suddenly, at the end of the path you notice a toll booth, with a striped bar blocking the way. Just beyond it is a cute little bridge over a trickling stream, and beyond that lay the exit to this forest.
Inside the tollbooth is what can only be described as a troll. Her skin looks like bark, her hair like moss, and she is wearing a neon orange safety vest.
"Toll please." she says, monotone.
"Oh my, I didn't think there would be a toll to exit the park. Most parks don't have a toll!" You exclaim.
"You can't cross the bridge without paying the toll, that's the rule."
You've certainly never heard of a toll collecting troll before, but it is a bridge, and she does look official.
Do you:
1. Rummage through your pockets for whatever change you have and put it in the slot.
2. Argue with the troll.
-Choice3 - 1 -
You put the little change you had in the slot. The bar lifts up.
"Thank You, have a nice day." the troll says, still monotone.
You walk out of the forest and head home, making a note that you might have just gone insane for the past hour.      
-Choice3 - 2 -
"Hey!" you say "This is a public park and I'm not in a car, I don't have to pay you! Are you even officially licenced to collect tolls?"
"Rules are rules, you have to pay the toll." she says, still monotone.
"The stream is less than a foot across, I'm just going to go around."
"I don't get paid enough to try to stop you." she shrugs.
You go around the bridge, hopping over the stream, and walk out of the forest. You head for home, making sure to send a concerned email to the park ranger about an illegal tollbooth.
-Choice1 - 2 -
You spotted that there was a small sign next to the door, and guessed they didn't want strangers knocking. You know you wouldn't! So you continue walking down the path and suddenly fall into a very large hole!
Slightly bruised, but otherwise whole, you try to figure a way out of the hole. The walls are too tall to climb, but there's a tunnel on the side that you can just fit through.
Having no other choice at the moment, you follow the tunnel, which is oddly lit with phosphorescent fungi. Eventually you come to a home built into the dirt. A human-sized mole is sitting in a rocking chair, knitting, while what you assume is a child mole is playing Breath of the Wild on a Nintendo Switch, and a baby mole is in a bassinet next to his mother.
"Sorry to intrude," you say "but I fell into a hole and couldn't get out any other way. Do you happen to have a way back out to the surface?"
"Oh my, so sorry about that- we've been working on adding a new room for our new baby, but construction is taking a lot longer than they estimated. Did you not notice the orange cones?" the mother mole said.
"Ah, I guess I missed them, I must have been lost in thought." you said.
"Well I'm glad it looks like you're not hurt. You can get out using that tunnel," she gestured "and try to be a little more careful of where you're going!"
"Thanks."you said, heading for the tunnel out "and sorry again for barging in."
You follow the tunnel until the exit. When you emerge you're near a park plaza with a beautiful fountain. Fairy children are playing in the fountain, splashing around. The parents are nearby, occasionally looking up from their smartphones to check on their kids.
There are 2 paths out from the plaza, the signs are not legible. One path has purple flowers nearby.
Do you:
1. Ask the nearest fairy parent which way to go.
2. Trust your sense of direction and choose the path with the purple flowers.
-Choice4 - 2 -
You follow the purple flower path. It seems like you made the wrong choice, as the landscape starts looking like an escher painting. Trees are growing sideways and twisted into impossible shapes, a flock of birds somehow turns into a school of fish, and you feel an urge to stare at your hand to make sure that it's still the shape it should be.
You decide to turn around while you still have some idea what a direction is.
-Choice4 - cont. -
"Hi, I'm lost, could you point me out of the forest?" You ask the nearest fairy.
"One sec." he says, clearly playing Candy Crush. Eventually he finishes."Oh, hey, a human! Cool, I've never seen on in person before, outside of the zoo. Yeah, so, anyways, if you want to go home just use that door." he gestures to a door that was not there a minute ago. "If you want to go crazy, follow the purple flowers. If you want to go to the moon, follow the other path. Though I don't think humans can breathe on the moon, yeah?"
"No, humans can't breathe on the moon." you say.
-Choice4 - 2 cont. -
"And I already tried the purple flower path, it was not what I was looking for."
-Choice4 - cont. -
"You said that door would take me home? I guess that's a lot better than going to the moon, or going crazy. Thanks for your help."
You walk to the door, open it, and see the entrance to your house. You step through the door into your home, and close it. When you open it again, it leads to your street, as it always used to.
You chalk the whole thing up to having stayed up too late the night before, and sat down to watch some TV and try to forget the momentary lack of sanity.
-END-